let's talk.  What are we talking about?
Fuji thing.
ok Oh, yeah yeah yeah
So yeah, I have the saved I have the email saved so
If we ever do go back there, you know?
If they give us a deal, yeah. Yeah, to kind of help reclaim it a little bit, you know?
though, really really nice.
yeah, I am going to surprise***
just feel do you okay na, really surprised
No like, *** cool is like don't like
I was going to go to New Jersey and see a farm so it would make sense.
and I was feeling like everything's like very reasonably priced
And then I know you said that you're gonna...
take it easy on buying makeup stuff but
I still want to buy some, right?
Depends on where? oh When? so like
what? which sem? within the year you can ok
To the age of
So you bought like 2-3 years worth of stuff?
yeah
You saw something?
yeah, ohh...
mind was soo good
You still don't know mine.
You want to go in there? ohh okay
You still wonder no why?
***
Okay, because if you do end up going to school then, right? My god.
I want you to really get to know that area.
So when I go there to visit you, you're just showing all the good places.
Like when I go to visit you there, you just show me all the good places.
So have you looked at stuff?
Other than food that you want to check out in Taiwan?
More shopping, huh?
Like maybe like any cultural things you want to do?
no
I don't know. Well, the only thing I know is they're like...
The capital role in the producing like, you know, computer chips.
Yeah.
um um Check out that stuff and you know any aquarium they have.
say how
Oh you go to check that place out.
probably changed a lot.
So your grandma and your mom's side lived there?
Oh, that's right.
Oh, after the war?
Yeah, yeah it's time to
That's why we're everybody's favorite neighbor.
Phone keeps sliding down.
yeah, made this to wake
Nice.
but then if we go together and then you end up just like jamming up like every day
I think that would kind of eat at me.
I don't know because your parents are there too.
Yeah, yeah. yeah
yeah
How how long were you alone with her for?
Oh yeah it was! oh
No
No, it was only a few days.
Because remember, as soon as we have time, I'm going to go visit my mom.
And that's when it started.
yeah, yeah, I felt bad for you because you kind of like just
I've heard around Oklahoma all the time to get me food.
Yeah. Sorry, honey.
Yeah, well you could've done a lot more.